Update qualifying statement why upgrading a room is probably fine if you need to (#1061)
matrix-org/matrix.org: gatsby/content/docs/2019-04-29-moderation.mdx

### A note on state resets

> Prior to Matrix 1.0 in room version 1, a bug existed which caused room state

Reviewer: This wording makes it sound like Matrix 1.0 may have fixed the bug even in room version 1 which isn't true. You can probably just remove "Prior to Matrix 1.0".

```suggestion
In room version 1, a bug existed which caused room state
```

(e.g. membership, power levels, bans/kick data) to intermittently be reset to
a historical value due to a bad merge conflict resolution - a so-called
'state reset', or the 'hotel california bug'. This was improved in room

> version 2 onwards and room state should no longer diverge. However, as of
> April 2019, most existing rooms still use the original buggy v1 algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version 2 onwards and room state should no longer diverge. However, many
old rooms still use the original buggy v1 algorithm.
```
